# Privacy Notice
***Last Updated**: 28 June 2021*

This “Privacy Notice” describes the practices of Fiserv, Inc., including its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “Fiserv”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) and the rights and choices available to individuals, regarding personal data. Personal data means any information that relates to an identifiable individual. 

Fiserv may provide separate privacy notices that apply to specific products or services that we offer, in which case this Privacy Notice does not apply. Where this Privacy Notice applies, Fiserv may provide additional or supplemental privacy notices to individuals at the time we collect their data, which will govern how we may process the information provided at that time. We may alter this Privacy Statement as needed for certain products and services and to abide by local laws or regulations around the world, such as by providing supplemental information in certain countries. This Privacy Notice does not apply to Fiserv’s processing of the personal data of its personnel, such as employees and contractors.

We provide important information [here](#additional-information-for-european-users) for individuals located within Member States of the European Union, countries in the *European Economic Area*, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland (collectively, “Europe” or “European”).

Table of Contents

1. [The personal data we collect](#the-personal-data-we-collect)
2. [How we use your personal data](#how-we-use-your-personal-data)
3. [How we share your personal data](#how-we-share-your-personal-data)
4. [Your rights and choices](#your-rights-and-choices)
5. [International transfers](#international-transfers)
6. [How we keep your data safe](#how-we-keep-your-data-safe)
7. [This Website May Link to Other Websites](#this-website-may-link-to-other-websites)
8. [Additional Information for European Users](#additional-information-for-european-users)
9. [Changes to this Privacy Notice](#changes-to-this-privacy-notice)
10. [Contact Us] (#contact-us)
11. [Information for California Residents](#information-for-california-residents)

# The personal data we collect
