# Terms of Use

***Last Update Posted**: August 19, 2015*

Fiserv, Inc., on behalf of itself and its affiliates (together, "Fiserv"), offers you a wide range of content, communication tools, and information about trends in the financial and technology industries, Fiserv's products and services and Fiserv as a company as well as, in certain circumstances, content provided by other persons and entities (collectively, "Materials") via this and Fiserv's related websites, social media pages and other similar sources, including features and services available through such sites and sources, such as RSS feeds, podcasts, video and downloads (collectively, this "Site"). By using this Site, you are agreeing to accept and comply with these terms and conditions of use, as stated below (these "Terms"), as well as Fiserv's [Privacy Notice](?path=/docs/privacy-notice/latest.md) ("Privacy Notice") at all times. **YOU MUST READ THESE TERMS (AND THE [PRIVACY NOTICE](?path=/docs/privacy-notice/latest.md)) FULLY**. Please contact Fiserv at general_info@fiserv.com with any questions you may have.

**1. Limited Right to Use**. This Site is owned and operated by Fiserv. Unless otherwise specified, all Materials on this Site are the property of Fiserv and are protected by the copyright laws of the United States and throughout the world. You may use, view, print, and/or download the Materials from this Site solely for your personal, informational use within your organization, provided that you must keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. You may not copy or distribute any Materials published by Fiserv on this Site or any portion of those Materials beyond your organization without Fiserv's prior written permission (or permission of Fiserv's third-party provider if the Material is owned by that provider). This includes any copying, reproduction, modification, republication, uploading, posting or directly or indirectly sending any Materials (or portions of Materials) in any form or by any means. However, this does not restrict you from linking to publicly available Materials, excluding any Materials available in a part of the Site that requires a password to enter or is otherwise restricted ("Publicly Available Materials"), using any sharing methods Fiserv provides on this Site for sharing Publicly Available Materials, or referencing or citing Publicly Available Materials, provided that, in all of these instances, you must properly identify Fiserv as the source of the Publicly Available Materials.  Materials available in a part of the Site that requires a password to enter or is otherwise restricted must be treated as Confidential Information unless otherwise marked and may not be not used or disclosed except as expressly permitted in a written agreement with Fiserv.

**2. Eligibility**. This Site is not offered to any person under the age of 13. If you are over the age of 13 but under the age of 18, you must either: (i) be an emancipated minor, or (ii) have obtained the legal consent of your parent or legal guardian to use this Site and enter into these Terms.

**3. Links and Frames**. Links to other sites may be provided on this Site for your convenience. By providing these links, Fiserv is not endorsing, sponsoring or recommending such sites or the materials disseminated by or services provided by them, and are not responsible for the materials, services or other situations at or related to or from any other site, and make no representations concerning the content of sites listed in any part of this Site. Consequently, Fiserv cannot be held responsible for the accuracy, relevancy, copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained in sites listed in any search results or otherwise linked to this Site. For example, if you "click" on a banner advertisement or a search result, your "click" may take you off this Site. This may include links from advertisers, sponsors, and content partners that may use Fiserv's logo(s) as part of a co-branding agreement. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, solicit personal information, or contain information that you may find inappropriate or offensive. In addition, advertisers may send cookies to users that Fiserv does not control. Fiserv reserves the right to disable links from any third-party sites to this Site.

**4. Registration**. You may be given the opportunity to create and register a user account (your "Account") that you may use to receive information from Fiserv and/or participate in certain features and functionalities of this Site. By registering, you represent, warrant and otherwise fully confirm to Fiserv that all information that you provide on the registration form is complete, current and otherwise accurate. Fiserv may rely on the information you provide, including any user ids or passwords you create, to identify you and your activity, and you must promptly update and otherwise maintain your information to keep your Account current at all times. You agree that Fiserv may use the information you provide for any purpose, so long as such use does not violate the Privacy Notice.

**5. Password and Security**. If you are issued or create any password or other credentials to access this Site or any parts of functionalities that are part of this Site, you agree not to give or make available your password or credentials to any unauthorized individuals, and you agree to be responsible for all actions taken by anyone to whom you have provided such credentials. If you believe that your credentials have been lost or stolen or that someone may attempt to use them to access this Site without your consent, you must notify Fiserv at once at the address specified below.

**6. Interactive Features**. This Site may include opportunities for you to access, view and provide content for this Site, such as blogs, comment sections, discussion forums and other similar interactive features ("Interactive Features"). If you have any questions specifically regarding the Interactive Features (or the related portions of this Site), please contact Fiserv at communities@fiserv.com. You alone are responsible for your use of any Interactive Features and you use them at your own risk. Any content questions, comments, suggestions, information, ideas, concepts, photographs, graphics or other materials, whether oral, written or electronic (collectively, "Content") which you submit through an Interactive Feature must pertain to the designated topic or theme of the applicable Interactive Feature. You may not use this Site or any Interactive Features in any way that (as determined by Fiserv) impairs, restricts or inhibits anyone else from enjoying or using this Site or the Interactive Features. More specifically, you represent, warrant and otherwise confirm the following:
