# Release Notes

### October 27, 2022

#### What's new
- Signature International has joined Developer Studio.

#### Fixed
- The query parameters defined in the OpenAPI spec appear as query paramenters in the Code Snippet on the API explorer page [GitHub Issue #185](https://github.com/Fiserv/Support/issues/185).
- On the API Explorer page, the response is cleared while Run Request is in progress, and new response is displayed after fetch has complete.
- The user trying to access Fiserv internal products while logged-out is redirected to the Home page.
- On the One-Time Passcode (OTP) login model, the Resend email link is disabled, while Sumbit is in progress.

<br>

### October 20, 2022

#### Fixed
- The embedded links in the markdown documents returning 404 errors have been corrected.

<br>

### October 13, 2022

#### Enhancements
- The schema defined examples for specific response code have been added to Response Code dropdown on the API Explore page.
- The pagination has been added to Certificate Signing Requests (CSR) table under User Workspaces.
- The product filters on Search and Directory pages have been changed back to a single column.

#### Fixed
- The API key name must begin with alphanumeric characters and also accepts `_-` signs.
- The white spaces in the request parameter string are encoded with `+` sign.

<br>

### September 29, 2022

#### Fixed
- Saved filter preferences are maintained throughout Developer Studio pages.
- The same workspace name can be duplicate across Developer Studio account users.
- The 60 second delay with the message was added to *Resend One-Time Passcode email* link for Change password modal in Forgot password flow.

<br>

### September 15, 2022

#### What's new
- A user will be able to [create an account](?path=docs/guides/create-account.md) to save filter preferences, view notifications and create workspaces.
- Authenticated users will be able to create and manage Commerce Hub [workspace](?path=docs/guides/workspaces.md) with a default MID and API creation.
- The API Recipe page has been added to product documentation.
- Exchange and SnapPay have joined Developer Studio.

#### Enhancements
- The search results for the specified term and the filters are maintained after following an article and coming back to the search results. [GitHub Issue #148](https://www.github.com/Fiserv/Support/issues/148)
- The first end-point example in the OpenAPI spec will be set as default unless otherwise specified by `x-default-example` field.
- The system notifications for the updates to [Terms of Use](?path=/docs/terms-of-use.md) and [Privacy Notice](?path=/docs/privacy-notice.md) have beed added.

<br>

### June 16, 2022

#### Enhancements
- The All APIs page has been renamed to Directory. By selecting a respective tab, all APIs and all Products, featured in Developer Studio, are listed and searchable. 

#### Fixed

- The Product end-points duplication under API left-side navigation, on the API Explorer page, has been fixed.
- Only available Product end-point versions can be selected from the dropdown on the API Explorer page.
- The ability to share a link to the specific Product end-point version has been enabled.

<br>

### June 2, 2022

#### Enhancements
- The Email Template for deleted users has been updated.
- When a user account is deleted, the user will receive a notification via email the account has been deleted.

#### Fixed
- The content of the Documentation page has been aligned with the page header.

<br>

### May 19, 2022

#### Enhancements
- All page headers have been updated with the same consistent look.
- The ability to set the default example for an endpoint, in the Sandbox on the API Explore page, has been enabled.

#### Fixed
- The direction in which the card carousel is sliding, by the previous and next controls, has been corrected for the Mobile application.

<br>

### May 05, 2022

#### Enhancements
- Banking Hub went full onboard, and lost 'Beta' tag.
- Wiki pages under the [github tenants-doc repository](https://github.com/Fiserv/tenants-doc) has been created to document tenant onboarding.


#### Fixed
- Image rendering on Support pages have been fixed.
- The style for headers and code block has been updated for markdown documentation.

<br>

### April 15, 2022

#### What's new
- The [Release Notes Template](?path=/docs/release-notes-template.md) has been made available for product teams to use.

#### Enhancements
- The [Terms of Use](?path=/docs/terms-of-use.md) has been updated.

#### Fixed
- The mobile layout for cookie banner has been fixed.
- The syntax error in Transaction-Details.md file has been fixed for Commerce Hub [GitHub Issue #128](https://www.github.com/Fiserv/Support/issues/128). 

<br>

### April 1, 2022

#### What's new
- Product & API Versioning has been enabled to view Preview, Active and Previous versions of the product.
- Every product team must add Release Notes as part of the documentation.
- Now Postman collections are downloadable for some products.

#### Enhancements
- When a user is force-logged-out of the system, the user will remain on the same page or be sent to the Home page when the page requires login.
- Elastic Search indexing jobs are now run independently of Mongo DB hashes.
- The documentation tree on the side navigation pane loads near real-time.
- A new job has been created to clean-up the cache on demand for tenants.
- The dark mode switch button has been updated.
- The Runbox on the API explorer page has been updated.
- The Fast Company Award banner has been added to the Home page carousel.
- The Webby Award badge has been added to the footer.
- A feedback clause has been added to Section 3.4 of the [Terms of Use](?path=/docs/terms-of-use.md). 

#### Fixed
- New tab links will now open in a new tab on the API Explorer page.
- A payload generation issue has been corrected [GitHub Issue #115](https://github.com/Fiserv/Support/issues/115).
- The link to Security Questions, in Set Up notifications has been corrected.
- Request Schema properties are now aligned with the Code Snippet on the API explorer page.
- When the API explorer page or the Documentation page opens from a URL, the left navigation tree will expand with the page link highlighted.

<br>

### March 2022

#### What's new
- Dark mode is available on Developer Studio. Dark mode toggle can be found in the footer

#### Enhancements
- Added pagination for the search results on the Search page
- Added system notifications when data is not available
- Built a new lightweight mock server to support APIs and API versions
- Updated [Terms of Use](?path=/docs/terms-of-use.md) and [Privacy Notice](?path=/docs/privacy-notice.md).
- Updated documentation under Support pages including March Release Notes
- Updated API Explorer page with additional enhancements: download API spec file, code snippet
- Improved APIs & Documentation indexing/crawler to support versioning
- Improved scrollbar consistency across multiple operating systems

#### Fixed
- Fixed pagination for API key table
- Updated error message when creating API key
- Fixed API request/response date format to display correctly in the Runbox on API Explorer page
- Fixed Extended Markdown support to hide HTML comments in the Markdown
- Fixed a bug in navigation for mobile and tablet
- Fixed the visibility for select dropdown in dark mode

<br>

### Feburary 2022

#### Enhancements
- Added additional tags next to a product’s name.
- Updated UI for mobile view of the API Explorer page.

#### Fixed
- Removed added space from one-time password to prevent it from pasting into text field.
- Fixed modals in merchant flow to allow scrolling.

<br>

### January 2022

#### What's new
- Release notes for Developer Studio are now available. Read about the latest feature releases, enhancements, and bug fixes. You can find the release notes on the Support page.  

#### Enhancements
- Expand and view all Merchant IDs and API keys on one page by using the advanced pagination. 

#### Fixed
- Fixed input fields for request schema to display corresponding schema example.
- Fixed dropdowns for request schema to unveil input fields.
- Fixed SwaggerHub example to reflect on Developer Studio.
