# Release Notes


### July 10, 2023

#### What's new
- Minor changes to homepage.
- Preview Branch enabled for Banking Hub Tenant.


#### Fixed
- Reduced the number of browser clicks to access the actual search results.
- Catalog/search results to redirect to the right version.
  
<br>

### May 30, 2023

#### What's new
- Enabled Cloud Acceleration Center.

#### Fixed
- Intermittent issues to improve the performance of the application

<br>


### May 11, 2023

#### What's new
- Enabled Banking Hub Workspace (Paid plan).

#### Fixed
- Intermittent issues to improve the performance of the application.

<br>

### March 16, 2023

#### What's new
- Enabled Banking Hub Workspace (Free trial plan).

<br>

### March 02, 2023

#### Enhancements
- More events added to Google Analytics.
- Removed the option to delete the Develop Studio accounts. 

   *If you would still like your account deleted, please contact our Data Protection Officer at dpo@fiserv.com* 
- Implementated character limit on the Workspace description.


#### Fixed
- Disabled the run box on mobile response view.
- Fixed the urls displaying blank pages.
- Deleting the api keys and csrs from user account on workspace deletion.

<br>

### February 16, 2023

#### Enhancements
- Implemented character limitation for create account modal.
- Excluded company name from create account modal.
- More events added to Google Analytics.

#### Fixed
- GMS code to support prism to run in dynamic mode- accommodate responses for more than 1000 fields. [Github Issue#228](https://github.com/Fiserv/Support/issues/228)


<br>


### February 09, 2023

#### What's new
- [FirstData Documentation](?path=/docs/docs-firstdata-migration.md) has migrated to Developer Studio. We have consolidated docs.firstdata.com into Developer Studio.

<br>

### February 02, 2023

#### Enhancements
- Raised the limit for APIs displayed on UI.
- Updated the Mobile View with - Dark Mode feature, solution segments to the menu options and scrolling.
- Additional Details ( API key and secret) added to View modal.
- Included Event definitions for Google Analytics Events.

#### Fixed
- Missing-endpoints for IssuerSolution.
<br>

### January 12, 2023

#### Enhancements
- Updated the button for the text and color when hovered over.
- Change to the left nav docs/API highlighting behavior and orange selection indicator.

<br>
